hi movie fans with halloween just around
the corner i thought i would compile a
list of what i think of the scariest
movies of all time there are so many
decent horror movies out there so making
the list wasn't easy but as an avid fan
of all things horror i have put this
list together especially for you guys
here is my top five list of absolutely
the very best movies to watch on
halloween night
spoiler alert yes i may spill the beans
on what goes down in some of these
movies with my version of a recap but at
least you get the general idea of what
they're about any one of these movies is
worth watching especially on the night
of halloween hope you enjoy make sure
you stay until the end and see what
comes in at number one
it is without a doubt one of the
scariest movies ever made in my opinion
coming in at number five we have the
brilliant box office hit made in 2017
called it now here is a brief recap
in october 1988 12 year old bill denver
crafts a paper sailboat for georgie his
six-year-old brother georgie sails the
boat along the rainy streets of small
town derry only had to fall down a storm
drain
as he attempts to retrieve it georgie
sees a clown in the drain who introduces
himself as pennywise the dancing clown
pennywise entices georgie to come closer
then bites his arm off and drags him
into the sewer
the following summer bill and his
friends richie tozier eddie casbrack and
stan euris run afoul of older bullies
henry bowers belch hubbins patrick
extetter and victor chris
bill's still haunted by georgie's
disappearance calculates that his
brother's body may have washed up in a
marshy wasteland called the barons he
recruits his friends to investigate
believing georgie may still be alive
ben hanscom one of bill's new classmates
learns that unexplained tragedies and
child disappearances have played the
town for centuries
targeted by bauer's gang ben flees into
the barons and meets bill's group they
find the sneaker of a missing girl named
betty ripsum while patrick is killed by
pennywise while searching the sewers for
ben beverly marsh a girl bullied over
her rumored promiscuity also joins the
group both bill and ben develop feelings
for her later the group of friends
orphaned mike hanlon after rescuing him
from bowers
each member of the group has encountered
terrifying manifestations of the same
menacing clown who attacked georgie a
headless undead boy for ben
a sink that spews blood only children
conceit for beverly a disease in rotting
leper for eddie a disturbing painting
coming alive for stan mike's parents
burning alive for mike and a frightening
phantom of georgie for bill
now calling themselves the losers club
they realize they are all being stalked
by the same entity which they refer to
as it
they determine that it appears as their
individual worst fears awakening every
27 years to feed on the children of
derry before resuming hibernation and
moves about by using the sewer lines
which all lead to an old stone well
hidden under an abandoned house on
nebolt street
after pennywise attacks them the group
ventures to the house to confront it
only be separated and terrorized
as pennywise gloats to bill about
georgie the losers regroup and beverly
impales pennywise through the head
forcing the clown to retreat the group
flees the house and begins to splinter
with only bill and beverly resolute in
fighting it weeks later after beverly
confronts and incapacitates her sexually
abusive father pennywise abducts her
the loser's club reassembles and returns
to the abandoned house to rescue her
bowers was murdered as abusive father
after being driven insane by it attacks
the group mike fights back and pushes
bowers down the well apparently killing
him
the losers descend into the sewers and
find its underground lair which contains
a mountain of decayed circus props and
children's belongings around which the
bodies of its child victims float in
mid-air
beverly now catatonic after being
exposed to bright lights inside its
gaping mouth is restored to
consciousness when ben kisses her bill
encounters georgie but recognizes that
he is it in disguise as pennywise it
takes bill hostage offering to spare the
others and go into hibernation if they
let it feed on bill
the losers reject this battling with it
while overcoming their various fears
it is eventually defeated and retreats
deeper into the sewers the bill
declaring that it will starve during its
hibernation after finding the remnants
of georgie's raincoat bill finally comes
to terms with his brother's death with
his friends comforting him as summer
ends beverly informs the group of a
vision she had while catatonic where she
saw them fighting it again as adults
the losers swear a blood oath that they
will return to dairy as adults if it
returns
after the others make their goodbyes and
disperse beverly and bill discuss her
leaving the next day to live with her
aunt in portland
before she leaves bill reveals his
feelings and they kiss
the end
coming in next in the fourth spot we
have the original 1987 classic horror
movie called halloween
the movie that gave birth to many
sequels and made the michael myers mask
a go to halloween accessory is an
absolute must watch movie on halloween
here is the recap
on halloween night 1963 in the fictional
town of haddonfield illinois
six-year-old michael myers inexplicably
stabs his teenage sister judith to death
with a kitchen knife
for the next 15 years he is incarcerated
at smith's grove sanitarium on october
30 1978 michael's psychiatrist dr samuel
loomis and his colleague marion chambers
arrive at the sanitarium to escort
michael to court for a hearing lumi's
hopes the outcome of the hearing is that
michael will never be released from
smith's grove however michael steals
their car and escapes smith's grove
killing a mechanic for his coveralls on
the way back to haddonfield
upon returning home michael steals a
white and expressionless mast from a
hardware store
on halloween he sees high school student
lori strode drop off a key at the long
abandoned meyer's house that her father
is trying to sell
laurie notices michael stalking her
throughout the day but her friends annie
brackett and linda vander clock dismiss
her concerns
lumi's arise in haddonfield in search of
michael and finds judith's tombstone
missing from the local cemetery
he meets with annie's father sheriff lee
brackett and they investigate michael's
house where loomis tells bracket that
michael is pure evil bracket is doubtful
of the danger but goes to patrol the
streets while loomis waits at the house
expecting michael to return that night
lorry babysits tommy doyle while annie
babysits lindsey wallace across the
street michael follows them spying on
annie and killing the wallace's dog
tommy sees michael from the windows and
thinks he is the boogerman but laurie
does not believe him
annie later takes lindsay over to the
doyle house to spend the night so she
can pick up her boyfriend paul when she
gets into her car michael appears from
the back seat strangling her and
slitting her throat soon after linda and
her boyfriend bob sims arrive at the
wallace house and find it empty
after having sex bob goes downstairs to
get a beer where michael pins him to the
wall of the kitchen knife
michael then poses his bob in a ghost
costume and confronts linda who teases
him to no effect
underweight she calls laurie to find out
what happened to annie michael proceeds
to strangle linda with the phone cord
while laura listens on the other end
thinking it is a joke
meanwhile loomis discovers the stolen
car and begins searching the streets
suspicious of the phone call lori goes
to the wallace house across the street
and finds her friend's bodies as well as
jude's headstone in the upstairs bedroom
she flees to the hallway in terror where
michael suddenly appears in the dark and
slashes her arm causing her to fall over
the stairway banister
injured she narrowly escapes and runs
back to the doyle house but loses the
keys to the front door when she falls on
the staircase
tommy lets her in then she orders him
and lindsey to hide only to find the
phone is dead
michael sneaks in through the window and
attacks her again but she incapacitates
him by stabbing him in the neck with a
knitting needle thinking he's dead lori
staggers upstairs to check on the kids
but is shocked to see michael live
she tells the kids to hide in the
bathroom while laura hides in the
bedroom closet but michael finds her and
breaks in so she stabs him in the eye
with a coat hanger and in the chest with
his own knife she then tells tommy and
lindsey to go down the street to a
neighbor's house to call the police
after they leave michael awakens once
again and slowly approaches an
unsuspecting lorry loomis sees the kids
running from the house and goes to
investigate finding michael and laurie
fighting upstairs laurie rips michael's
mask off making him hesitate to put it
back on
lumi shoots michael six times knocking
him off the balcony lori asked lumis if
michael was the boogerman which loomis
confirms
loomis walks to the balcony and looks
down to see that michael has vanished
unsurprised he stares off into the night
as lori begins to sob michael's
breathing is heard during a montage of
locations where he had recently been
indicating he could be anywhere
the end
grabbing the third spot is the conjuring
ii
i have to say that for me this is one
seriously scary movie as it has a sense
of realism about it that many other
horror movies lack
in 1976 paranormal investigators ed and
lorraine warren investigate the amidable
murders of the aminable house to
determine if a demonic presence was
truly responsible for ronaldi fio jr
killing his entire family on november 13
1974 and the subsequent haunting
incident involving the lutz family
during a seance lorraine is drawn into a
vision where she relives the murders and
encounters and demonic nun figure she
then witnesses ed being impaled badly
frightening her in 1977 the hodgson
family begins to experience strange
occurrences in their home in the london
borough of enfield after janet the
second oldest of four children plays
with a ouija board
janet starts to sleepwalk and converses
in her dreams than entity in the form of
an angry elderly man who sits in the
family's armchair insisting the house is
his
eventually the hajjan siblings and their
mother peggy witness paranormal events
terrifying them into seeking refuge with
their neighbors when the media attempts
to interview the family janet is
possessed by the elderly man bill
wilkins who previously lived and died in
the house as janet shows more signs of
demonic possession the story eventually
reaches the warrens and their assistance
is requested to prove whether or not
janet's possession is a hoax lorraine
fearful that her vision of ed's death
may become reality warns him not to get
involved she has another vision of the
demonic nun in ed's study the demon says
its name which lorraine scratches into
her bible in a trance the demon's name
can actually be seen in ed's study
spelled out in letters on the bookshelf
while staying at the hodgson residence
ed and lorraine consult other paranormal
investigators including morris gross and
anita gregory on the legitimacy of the
case
gregory presents video evidence of janet
wrecking the kitchen on purpose thereby
discrediting haunting based on this ed
and lorraine decide to leave believing
the family is lying for fame however
they discover that the spirit of wilkins
is only upon being manipulated by the
true demon the powerful nun who is
seeking to break janet's will lorraine
realizes that her abilities have been
blocked by the nun preventing her from
grasping the truth of janet's possession
ed and lorraine quickly returned to the
hajjan residence and find janet
possessed and the rest of the hodgins
locked outside the house
adventures inside alone and finds janet
at the window ready to commit suicide he
manages to grab janet in time but is
close to falling
lightning strikes the tree in the yard
turning it into the stump that impales
ed and lorraine's vision lorraine finds
her bible in which she wrote the demon's
name valak she addresses the demon by
its name successfully condemning it back
to hell
janet is freed of its possession and
lorraine pulls her an end to safety
after returning home ed adds an item to
his and lorraine's collection a haunted
crooked man's zotrope toy owned by
peggy's youngest child placing it beside
april's music box and the annabelle doll
the end
in position number two we have the 2002
supernatural horror called the ring
starring naomi watched this movie as a
remake of the 1998 japanese horror movie
called ring
watts portrays a journalist who
investigates a cursed videotape that
seemingly kills the viewer seven days
after watching it all i can say is that
this is one movie you don't want to
watch on your own
at a suburban home in seattle washington
two friends katie embry and becca kotler
discussed their town's resident legend
of a cursed videotape in katie's room
whoever watches it dies seven days later
katie claims she watched the tape a week
ago with her boyfriend josh and two
other friends minutes later she is
killed by an unseen force
at katie's funeral her aunt rachel
keller speaks to katie's mother murphy
about her death and both are clueless as
to why she died so suddenly thus rachel
begins to investigate her death rachel
lives with her young son aiden
rachel learns that katie's friends josh
durandot stacy miller and scott condoroy
who also viewed the tape all died on the
same night as katie all with disfigured
appearances and all at the same time of
10 pm
rachel travels to shelter mountain inn
where the four stayed discovering the
cursed videotape in the cabin where the
four stayed cabin 12 rachel watches the
tape which contains monotone disturbing
imagery once the tape ends rachel
receives a phone call from an unknown
caller who whispers seven days
rachel recruits no clay her ex-boyfriend
and aiden's father to study the tape
making a copy after he watches the
original rachel begins to experience
supernatural phenomena as the week
passes haunted by a young girl with
soaking wet long black hair
investigation into the tape's imagery
leads rachel to anna morgan a horse
breeder from moscow island who committed
suicide after her prize-winning horses
drown themselves after a strange mate
marashi awakens to having a hand-shaped
burn mark on her left arm once out of
bed rachel finds aidan has seen the tape
and discovers that noah is also
experiencing supernatural occurrences
rachel travels to moscow island to speak
to anna's widower richard on the ferry
journey a horse leaps to its death after
it became spooked by rachel's cursed
presence as she attempts to pet it
recreating imagery from the cursed tape
noah goes to ila county psychiatric
hospital to view anna's medical files
both separately discover anna had an
adopted daughter of samara who was able
to cycle etch-mental images onto
surfaces and into peoples and animals
minds
rachel tries to speak with richard about
samara but he denies her existence
rachel speaks with dr grasnick the
island's general practitioner who
explains samara is adopted due to anna's
infertility recommending them to admit
her to ila assuming samara is still
there
rachel sneaks into the morgan farmhouse
watching a videotape of samara in a
psychotherapy session in said session
she claims she cannot control her
abilities has no way of knowing how and
admits that she wants to hurt her
parents though being sorry for that she
states she wants to because they love
the horses more than they love her
sometime after the psychotherapy
sessions samara drove every single one
of the horses to suicide by etching
horrific imagery into their heads
after the tape ends richard strikes
rachel with a horse bridle taking the tv
upstairs
rachel follows richard confronting him
as she walks up the stairs she follows
him into the bathroom where he has
plugged in several electronic devices to
a single power source wired them to the
bridle through an electrical strip
biting down on it and stepping into the
flooded bathtub which flooded the floor
haddock said he'd been severely mentally
damaged by samara and learning that
samara's powers are still at large he
electrocutes himself to death because of
this noah arrives calming rachel and the
two break their way into the barn or
samara is kept isolated they find a
burnt image of a tree under the
wallpaper of her barn bedroom which
rachel recognizes from shelter mountain
they return to the end still feeling
stuck in a roadblock no understandably
frustrated pulls the phone out of a wall
which knocks a vase with marbles to the
floor the marbles roll to a dip in the
floor which then leads them to discover
rotted wood noah gets a fire axe and
chops through the floor locating a stone
well hidden under the floorboards the
final image on the tape
rachel falls in the well after the floor
partially collapses experiencing a
vision of anna suffocating samara and
throwing her down the well where she
died seven days later her last sight
being the ring of daylight around the
well's cap samara's corpse surfaces
after no tells rachel that the seven day
deadline has passed the authorities
assure the pair that samara's corpse
will be properly buried
the next day rachel tells aiden that the
curse has been lifted by liberating
samara a distressed aiden tells rachel
that it was a mistake to help samara
saying that she never sleeps
at its apartment noah is killed by the
vengeful ghost of samara rachel upon
finding his disfigured corpse returns
home and destroys the original tape
wondering why noah was killed but she
was not
she realizes that unlike noah she made a
copy of the tape which aiden watched as
rachel assists aiden in making a copy of
the cursed tape aiden asks what will
happen to the person who watches the new
tape but rachel does not answer
the end
okay now for the big one the top of the
list the scariest movie to watch on
halloween the movie is the classic 1973
supernatural horror film called the
exorcist
you may not agree that the exorcist is
the scariest movie ever but it probably
also isn't much of a surprise to see it
at the top of my list it's dramatic
pacing and somewhat dated effects may
seem quaint compared to some
contemporary horror but there's no
denying the power the film continues to
have over those who see it for the first
time
now enjoy this recap
lancaster marin a veteran catholic
priest is on an archaeological dig in
the ancient city of hatred in iraq
alerted by a colleague he finds a
sculpture that resembles pesusu a demon
of ancient origins with whose history
marin is familiar
soon afterwards after consuming a small
white pill marin encounters a statue
towering over him in the image of pazuzu
an omen warning him of the looming
confrontation
meanwhile in george allen actress chris
mcneal is living on location with her 12
year old daughter regan
she is starring in a film directed by
her friend and associate burke dennings
during this time small oddities begin to
occur around the house such as
scratching from the attic without a
source
after playing with a ouija board and
contacting a supposedly imaginary friend
whom she calls captain howdy regan
begins acting strangely using obscene
language and exhibiting abnormal
strength
additionally there is poltergeist like
activity in the home at night chris
hosts a party during which regan comes
downstairs unannounced tells one of the
guests an astronaut that he will die up
there and then urinates on the floor
later that night regan's bed begins to
shake and levitate violently
chris consults a number of physicians
putting regan through a battery of
diagnostic tests but the doctors find
nothing physiologically wrong with her
one mag when chris is out burke dennings
is babysitting heavily sedated regan
chris returns to hear that dennings has
died having fallen out of the window
although this is assumed to have been an
accident given burke's history of heavy
drinking his death is investigated by
lieutenant william kinderman kinderman
interviews chris he also consults
psychiatrist father damien karas a
jesuit priest struggling with his faith
kerasi's crisis of faith is precipitated
by the death of his mother which he
blames on himself
the doctors believing that regan's
aberrations are mostly psychological in
origin recommended exorcism be performed
chris arranges a meeting with karas who
reluctant to engage spiritually agrees
to at least speak with regan
as the two come face to face karas and
regan test each other's wits although
keras is skeptical of the idea that
anything supernatural is happening
chris tearfully finds herself at a dead
end and confides in cares that regan was
the one who murdered dennings and begs
him to find a solution
over the next couple of days kara's
witnesses regan speaking backward in
different languages she does not know
and the phrase help me appears to be
carved from the inside of her stomach
convincing him she really is possessed
by a demon he implores the church to let
him perform an exorcism but feeling
cares is outmatched the church calls on
marin to perform the exorcism while
allowing karas to assist
the ritual begins as a battle of wills
with regan performing a series of
horrific and vulgar acts
they attempt to exercise the demon but
the spirit digs in claiming to be the
devil himself the spirit relentlessly
toys with the priest and zeros and on
keras sensing his guilt from the passing
of his mother
karas weakens after the demon
impersonates his late mother and is
excused by marin who continues the
exorcism alone
once he has gathered his strength karas
re-enters the room and discovers merin
dead of a heart attack
after he fails to revive marin the
enraged karas grabs a laughing regan and
wrestles her to the ground at kerasi's
invitation the demon leaves regan's body
and takes hold of karas in a final
moment of strength and self-sacrifice
karas throws himself out the window
before he can harm again
falling to his death down a set of stone
steps and defeating the demon at last
father dyer a friend of karaz happens
upon the scene and administers the last
rights to karas a few days later began
now back to her normal self prepares to
leave for los angeles with her mother
although regan has no apparent
recollection of her possession she is
moved by the sight of dyer's clerical
collar to kiss him on the cheek
as the car pulls away chris tells the
driver to stop and she gives father dyer
a medallion that belonged to cara's
after they drive off dyer pauses at the
top of the stone steps to give her gans
window one last look and then turns to
walk away the end
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
this video make sure to comment below
and don't forget to share some love by
smashing the like button
see you soon